hey what's up guys I'm Matty Matheson
I'm gonna chef at parts and labor I'm
the Burger King what's up you're
here in my house in Parkdale there's
kids smoking crack outside there's
Tibetans having a rally for freedom I'm
about to show you guys how to make a
beautiful cheeseburger the best
cheeseburger you've ever had here we go
[Music]
[Applause]
get it out of this container
[Music]
what makes it an amazing burger there's
a few things that make an amazing burger
you got to start with really good beef
so we have the beef chuck here which is
part of the cow shoulder you know it has
a lot of fat content it's a little bit
tougher there's a good chew on it so
that's why you grind it so we're just
going to cut this up in little strips so
here
it's just better to grind your own meat
because you're in total control you
grind it it's the fresh it's this is not
no frills down on King Street and
Parkdale gypsy meat you don't trim off
any of this fat keep it in there the
ratio will work itself out I always find
you don't have a meat grinder go to a
butcher shop and get them to grind your
beef fresh the main thing that people
always do is with the patties and
put garlic in it where's your Shire
parsley crap eggs breadcrumbs
all you have to use is good beef and
treat like a steak but don't with
the
just make a beef patty and that's all
you need we have our ground beef here so
now we just have to make the patties you
want to make it into a fat patty so it's
nice and juicy
just kind of like use your one hand
patting it up and then your patting it
down and then your patting it around you
got a pretty good patty right
and we'll start with four for burgers a
family of four see a lot of people cook
them on grills I prefer to cook them in
like cast-iron pans like a griddle
because when I find when people are
cooking burgers on grills either fall
apart and that's why people always add
crap to it to keep them together what we
want to do is sear these see all this
fat these are all gonna melt away so
that's gonna create these little
cavernous crispy fat chunk
pieces and then you're gonna have a
perfect burger so when you cook
burgers medium high heat and a cast-iron
pan is your best bet so you want to make
it sure that it's not too hot because
you're gonna burn it burn be taste like
so you're gonna just treat it like
a steak right I've already said that so
we got the pepper heavily seasoned with
salt cuz it's a fat piece of meat flip
it over do the same thing because of the
fat in here you actually don't really
have to put fat in the pan about a 6
ounce burgers the burgers that we made
today you want to cook those about three
and a half to four minutes aside for a
nice medium
remember so now we're just gonna let
these guys cook and render I think the
best technique for burger toppings is
not to make these big fat things that
are gonna slide everywhere I like to
make a lot of thin slices so that when
you crunch really it's like a thousand
layers and so you don't get these like
big slide around tomatoes all these guys
out in the world when you're cutting
these onions and you're crying
is because you have a dull knife a dull
knife means you're a loser
you don't cry if you cut an onions with
a sharp knife any good sandwich worth
its weight has pickles in it if the
sandwich doesn't have pickles in it it's
probably gonna be garbage throw it on
the floor walk away then we need iceberg
lettuce shaved up I got some
peperoncinis I like it taking a bite of
the burger take a bite of the pepper
Cheney a little spice a little heat and
that's all you need for toppings what
we're looking for when we're cooking the
burgers is that the sides are gonna
start turning brown you know like when
you're cooking pancakes and around the
edges you know when to poke the pancakes
you get the little bubbles around the
side that bubble is the Browning of the
side of the beet that means that it's
golden brown underneath and it's
starting to cook that's exactly what I'm
looking for see all those little
crevices that's the fat rendering out
staying juicy in the middle super
crunchy on the top the other
component is obviously really good
buns right here is a beautiful
egg bun see that yellow color egg one it
just seems a little bit lighter than the
like the Wonder Bread this smoosh I need
to toast up some buns ours gotta be
butter in the buns cuz you ain't got
butter buns they're not gonna be good so
these burgers are almost done this is a
huge brick of American cheese cheese
makes it creamy and yummy this
is the real deal this isn't Kraft single
cheese they can look like a star David
the land of milk and honey good movie
all the best things in the world are
simple right like a hot babe on the
beach she's got her hair she's kind of
naked that's good this is the same way
you don't want your all messed up
this is the bikini this is the sand this
is the tequila you're drinking this is
the babe right here think of a
cheeseburger as a babe you
want to with the babe too much
right so we're gonna steam the burgers
because we want the cheese to melt a
little more so we're gonna just add a
little bit of water put a bowl on top or
a plate just see him for a little bit
you don't want to cook them too much
whoo
they're done cooking okay see that steam
hey world cheesy burgers what you know
about it and I'll dress these guys up so
we got the lettuce on the bottom we've
got the patty I got some onion and
that's a tomato some pickle you got some
mustard I got the ketchup and some
peppers these are the best
cheeseburgers you'll ever have this is a
perfect cheeseburger right here these
two pools are about to eat the best
burger of their lives they're extremely
lucky today
all right it's a big boy burger no baby
dick burgers over here sometimes you
don't have to eat a burger don't eat a
burger while you're in church don't eat
a burger when you're getting a
that's how you make a burger eat
some burgers world eat them
they're good for you
look at me you